---
title: My First Blog Post
desc: Introducing myself and this website
updated: 2022-03-13
---

# My First Blog Post: Introduction

---

Hello everyone, my name is **Nutthapat Pongtanyavichai**.
In case my full name is too long (normal for Thai people), you can call me
by my nickname **Leo**.

You may also notice my GitHub Username [Leomotors](https://github.com/Leomotors),
it is my *gamer name* since a child and I can't come up with any other name than this. 😅

## About Me!

Pronoun: He/Him, They/Them

I am currently age 17 (Born in 2004) at the time of writing this blog.

I just finished my high school at Triam Udom Suksa School, *aka best~~?~~ public
school in Thailand* with a GPAX of 3.95 and will enroll in Undergraduate University this august.

I have been accepted by Chulalongkorn University, *the best university in Thailand*,
in Computer Engineering in the early round (TCAS 1) with the power of Medal Award in the National Olympic.
*(To any Thai people who wish to be a programmer and are studying in Mathayom,
try to join Computer Olympic Camp!)*

I start having an interest in programming in Grade 9 (Age 14) by joining Computer
Olympic Camp. But the biggest leap in my programming path would be in 2021.
You can notice that by looking at my contribution graph. From the person who
is confused about compiling TypeScript and many things to a person who can build
a ~~beautiful~~ production website.

### My Interests

- Anime (Of course, just look at my profile picture lmao)
  [My Anime List](https://myanimelist.net/animelist/Leomotors)
- Programming
- Memes

### What I want to do in the future

Become a programmer who contributes to Open-Source Community, specifically `GitHub`.

## About this Website

Time to talk about technical things, how this website is built.

First, why did I build this website? Because everyone has it. 😂

This portfolio website is made to showcase my skills and projects.

### Technical Stuff

This website is built using SvelteKit, the SSR framework for Svelte,
with TailwindCSS and deployed with Vercel.

For how this blog system is built, please refer [here](/blog/testing)

All source code of this website is available on my GitHub Account. *(See Bottom Right Corner)*

One thing I am proud of about this website is, I didn't use any UI Framework.
Everything is manually built including the *pain* dropdown menu.

Another thing is its score in Lighthouse. (9x, 100, 100, 100), there is still
performance limits caused by images and that *Vanta* on the home page.

Currently, this website has 2 CDN Scripts
- three.js because Vanta.js is not well written, a workaround is *performance pain CDN*
- gtag.js for Google Analytics

---

That's it for this blog post. I can't think of what to write anymore.
Thank you for reading!


### Written my first blog post,

### throw it into Grammarly,

### ***RED LINES EVERYWHERE!!!***
